chore: cleanup for relayer and contracts (#44)
ojo-network/contracts: README.md

The Contracts in this repo are a fork of Band Protocol's Cosmwasm Contracts, with a few key changes outlined in the [Readme](./cosmwasm/README.md).

The relayer will be a golang-based implementation to upload pricing information into the standard cosmwasm contract.

> - In case of relayer restart modify median request id and request id in config.toml, accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case of relayer restart modify median request id and request id in config.toml, according to the current request id
```
